{"config":{"indexing":"full","lang":["en"],"min_search_length":3,"prebuild_index":false,"separator":"[\\s\\-]+"},"docs":[{"location":"","text":"Documentation for Octopus evaluations This site is used to store documentation and notes from our work at the University of Bristol for evaluations of the Octopus platform.","title":"Documentation for Octopus evaluations"},{"location":"#documentation-for-octopus-evaluations","text":"This site is used to store documentation and notes from our work at the University of Bristol for evaluations of the Octopus platform.","title":"Documentation for Octopus evaluations"},{"location":"interview-notes/","text":"Notes on interviews notes on interviews so far 2022-11-16 Some takeaways from the five real interviews so far plus three practice interviews: There is a noticeable difference between the two industry researchers and the two academics: The academics talk far more about underlying values towards open research, at least as in ideal even if not achievable, such as being contractually barred by industry partners to not share key information For me, the two industry interviews stand out in terms of Very traditional paper focused, generally fine with it, and don't see a strong need for change. This is partly because paper authorship is not primary motivator, i.e. the companies like papers because they could demonstrate impact to shareholders/investors; attract/retain scientists; etc., but these researchers don't fundamentally rely on lots of first authors papers like academics. They do observe that as statisticians/data scientists, they are sometimes viewed as fungible \"plumbers\" (in a negative sense), though interestingly one also viewed some other data roles as plumbing. Also an anecdote where even though they made a important quantitative analytical contribution, they only ended up in the acknowledgements. It was only not devastating because authorship isn't as important in their industry sector. Unsurprisingly less inclined to share intermediate products, but very happy to make use of what others shared, like datasets. If they do share, it's also for very practical reasons such as code being easier to find via a web search compared to digging through files on their computers. One person works at a public policy NGO Focused on papers and reports Main motivation is whatever demonstrates impact of their work to management and funders, and impact is defined by context Teams more ad-hoc, formed for specific project at hand, and less clear division of labour Both the academics and NGO researcher are more willing to share, but afraid of sharing something immature or low-quality All interviewees are generally constrained by time when it comes to sharing anything Practically all cases do refer - to varying degrees - an underlying problem with uneven credit and value. E.g. a physicist who is now working on magnetic resonance imaging (and similar techniques), would get called up in the middle of the night by doctors who really value their opinions on a certain method or tool, and have published heavily-scrutinised and high-impact but relatively niche papers, often end up as the middle author in more \"mainstream\" journals and their h-index is lower as a result. This is hard for an associate professor. E.g. the case where someone ended up only in the acknowledgements. Division of labour is hard to discern, and descriptions are fairly high level Interviewees so far work on projects where there simply isn't that much division, other than in big pharma where they are statisitcal/data science specialists, but even then there isn't detailed descriptions outside of that Minor tweaks to interview: Implemented Part 1 - prompt research project components could be hypothesis, method, data, etc. Part 2 - people still heavily focused on papers, need prompting to think beyond that The part 3 question on \"acceptable or not acceptable to critique\" is still a bit awkward. This touches on Alex's points about culture i.e. \"how much of this is thinking that OTHER PEOPLE might not be comfortable aand how much is a true personal feeling\" -> I think it's the fear of sharing something incomplete/immature and how that's perceived; plus being scooped. Transcriptions When cleaning up the transcripts, I plan to clean up words like \"um\", \"ah\", etc. Auto transcriptions Zoom's auto-transcription produces closed caption .vtt files with timestamps in the form of: 4 00:01:00.140 --> 00:01:02.430 To find (and replace) these lines, I used the following regular expression (generated from RegExr ): \\n\\d+\\n\\d{2}:\\d{2}:\\d{2}.\\d{3} --> \\d{2}:\\d{2}:\\d{2}.\\d{3}","title":"Notes on interviews"},{"location":"interview-notes/#notes-on-interviews","text":"","title":"Notes on interviews"},{"location":"interview-notes/#notes-on-interviews-so-far-2022-11-16","text":"Some takeaways from the five real interviews so far plus three practice interviews: There is a noticeable difference between the two industry researchers and the two academics: The academics talk far more about underlying values towards open research, at least as in ideal even if not achievable, such as being contractually barred by industry partners to not share key information For me, the two industry interviews stand out in terms of Very traditional paper focused, generally fine with it, and don't see a strong need for change. This is partly because paper authorship is not primary motivator, i.e. the companies like papers because they could demonstrate impact to shareholders/investors; attract/retain scientists; etc., but these researchers don't fundamentally rely on lots of first authors papers like academics. They do observe that as statisticians/data scientists, they are sometimes viewed as fungible \"plumbers\" (in a negative sense), though interestingly one also viewed some other data roles as plumbing. Also an anecdote where even though they made a important quantitative analytical contribution, they only ended up in the acknowledgements. It was only not devastating because authorship isn't as important in their industry sector. Unsurprisingly less inclined to share intermediate products, but very happy to make use of what others shared, like datasets. If they do share, it's also for very practical reasons such as code being easier to find via a web search compared to digging through files on their computers. One person works at a public policy NGO Focused on papers and reports Main motivation is whatever demonstrates impact of their work to management and funders, and impact is defined by context Teams more ad-hoc, formed for specific project at hand, and less clear division of labour Both the academics and NGO researcher are more willing to share, but afraid of sharing something immature or low-quality All interviewees are generally constrained by time when it comes to sharing anything Practically all cases do refer - to varying degrees - an underlying problem with uneven credit and value. E.g. a physicist who is now working on magnetic resonance imaging (and similar techniques), would get called up in the middle of the night by doctors who really value their opinions on a certain method or tool, and have published heavily-scrutinised and high-impact but relatively niche papers, often end up as the middle author in more \"mainstream\" journals and their h-index is lower as a result. This is hard for an associate professor. E.g. the case where someone ended up only in the acknowledgements. Division of labour is hard to discern, and descriptions are fairly high level Interviewees so far work on projects where there simply isn't that much division, other than in big pharma where they are statisitcal/data science specialists, but even then there isn't detailed descriptions outside of that Minor tweaks to interview: Implemented Part 1 - prompt research project components could be hypothesis, method, data, etc. Part 2 - people still heavily focused on papers, need prompting to think beyond that The part 3 question on \"acceptable or not acceptable to critique\" is still a bit awkward. This touches on Alex's points about culture i.e. \"how much of this is thinking that OTHER PEOPLE might not be comfortable aand how much is a true personal feeling\" -> I think it's the fear of sharing something incomplete/immature and how that's perceived; plus being scooped.","title":"notes on interviews so far 2022-11-16"},{"location":"interview-notes/#transcriptions","text":"When cleaning up the transcripts, I plan to clean up words like \"um\", \"ah\", etc.","title":"Transcriptions"},{"location":"interview-notes/#auto-transcriptions","text":"Zoom's auto-transcription produces closed caption .vtt files with timestamps in the form of: 4 00:01:00.140 --> 00:01:02.430 To find (and replace) these lines, I used the following regular expression (generated from RegExr ): \\n\\d+\\n\\d{2}:\\d{2}:\\d{2}.\\d{3} --> \\d{2}:\\d{2}:\\d{2}.\\d{3}","title":"Auto transcriptions"},{"location":"other-notes/","text":"Other notes literature on qualitative methods Thematic Analysis A Practical Guide: https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/thematic-analysis/book248481#description Applied Thematic Analysis: https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/book/applied-thematic-analysis","title":"Other notes"},{"location":"other-notes/#other-notes","text":"","title":"Other notes"},{"location":"other-notes/#literature-on-qualitative-methods","text":"Thematic Analysis A Practical Guide: https://uk.sagepub.com/en-gb/eur/thematic-analysis/book248481#description Applied Thematic Analysis: https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/book/applied-thematic-analysis","title":"literature on qualitative methods"},{"location":"survey-notes/","text":"Notes on surveys Here's a good technique to make sure survey respondents are paying attention. In a survey about Bristol's Clean Air Zone, one of the strongly agree -> strongly disagree questions had one called: \"Please selecte 'Strongly agree' to confirm you are paying attention to these questions.\" Nice!","title":"Notes on surveys"},{"location":"survey-notes/#notes-on-surveys","text":"Here's a good technique to make sure survey respondents are paying attention. In a survey about Bristol's Clean Air Zone, one of the strongly agree -> strongly disagree questions had one called: \"Please selecte 'Strongly agree' to confirm you are paying attention to these questions.\" Nice!","title":"Notes on surveys"},{"location":"timeline/","text":"Evaluation timeline Draft of Octopus evaluation timeline. gantt dateFormat YYYY-MM-DD excludes weekends axisFormat %b todayMarker off section Literature review Review current results :l-sitrep, 2022-09-27, 2d Continue review 1 :l-rvw-1, after l-sitrep, 7d Continue review 2 :l-rvw-2, after l-rvw-1, 14d Summarise review :l-summary, after l-rvw-2, 10d section Ethics Prepare ethics application :e-prep, 2022-09-23, 2022-09-26 Check application :e-check, after e-prep, 2d Ethics approval :ethics, after e-check, 10d section Contacts Contact contacts :contact, 2022-09-26, 7d Finalise target audience :target, after contact, 5d section Baseline interviews Review past protocols :review, 2022-09-26, 5d Refine interview protocol :b-ritv, after review l-rvw-1, 10d Recruit interviewees :b-recruit, after ethics b-ritv, 14d Schedule interviews :b-sch, after b-recruit, 5d Conduct interviews :b-itv, after b-sch, 14d Process interview data :b-pitv, after b-itv, 21d Analyse interview data :b-aitv, after b-pitv, 14d section Baseline survey Refine survey protocol :b-rsp, after review l-rvw-1, 7d Draft survey :b-dsr, after b-rsp, 5d Review/revise survey :b-rsr, after b-dsr, 7d Conduct survey :b-sr, after ethics b-rsr, 14d Process survey data :b-psr, after b-sr, 21d Analyse survey data :b-asr, after b-psr, 14d section Interim report Additional analyses :b-analyse, after b-aitv b-psr, 10d Draft interim report :dir, after l-summary b-aitv b-asr, 21d Review interim report :rvir, after dir, 7d Revise interim report :rir, after rvir, 5d Submit interim report :after rir, 1d section Plan Octopus evaluation Plan evaluation :o-plan, after b-analyse, 21d section Octopus interviews Develop interview protocol :o-ditv, after o-plan rir, 14d Review interview protocol :o-rvitv, after o-ditv, 5d Revise interview protocol :o-ritv, after o-rvitv, 7d Recruit interviewees :o-recruit, after ethics o-ritv, 14d Schedule interview :o-sch, after o-recruit, 5d Conduct interviews :o-itv, after o-sch, 14d Process interview data :o-pitv, after o-itv, 14d Analyse interview data :o-aitv, after o-pitv, 14d section Octopus survey Develop survey protocol :o-dsp, after o-plan rir, 14d Draft survey :o-dsr, after o-dsp, 5d Review/revise survey :o-rsr, after o-dsr, 7d Conduct survey :o-sr, after ethics o-rsr, 14d Process survey data :o-psr, after o-sr, 14d Analyse survey data :o-asr, after o-psr, 14d section Final report Additional analyses :o-analyse, after o-aitv o-asr, 14d Draft final report :dfr, after o-analyse, 21d Review final report :rvfr, after dfr, 10d Revise final report :rfr, after rvfr, 14d Submit final report :after rfr, 1d section Meetings/travel NASA-panel :nasa, 2022-10-05, 2022-10-06 GOSH-conference :gosh, 2022-10-22, 2022-10-31 OPENNEXT-conference :on, 2022-12-06, 2022-12-09 TW-trip (tentative) :tw, 2023-01-14, 2023-01-25","title":"Evaluation timeline"},{"location":"timeline/#evaluation-timeline","text":"Draft of Octopus evaluation timeline. gantt dateFormat YYYY-MM-DD excludes weekends axisFormat %b todayMarker off section Literature review Review current results :l-sitrep, 2022-09-27, 2d Continue review 1 :l-rvw-1, after l-sitrep, 7d Continue review 2 :l-rvw-2, after l-rvw-1, 14d Summarise review :l-summary, after l-rvw-2, 10d section Ethics Prepare ethics application :e-prep, 2022-09-23, 2022-09-26 Check application :e-check, after e-prep, 2d Ethics approval :ethics, after e-check, 10d section Contacts Contact contacts :contact, 2022-09-26, 7d Finalise target audience :target, after contact, 5d section Baseline interviews Review past protocols :review, 2022-09-26, 5d Refine interview protocol :b-ritv, after review l-rvw-1, 10d Recruit interviewees :b-recruit, after ethics b-ritv, 14d Schedule interviews :b-sch, after b-recruit, 5d Conduct interviews :b-itv, after b-sch, 14d Process interview data :b-pitv, after b-itv, 21d Analyse interview data :b-aitv, after b-pitv, 14d section Baseline survey Refine survey protocol :b-rsp, after review l-rvw-1, 7d Draft survey :b-dsr, after b-rsp, 5d Review/revise survey :b-rsr, after b-dsr, 7d Conduct survey :b-sr, after ethics b-rsr, 14d Process survey data :b-psr, after b-sr, 21d Analyse survey data :b-asr, after b-psr, 14d section Interim report Additional analyses :b-analyse, after b-aitv b-psr, 10d Draft interim report :dir, after l-summary b-aitv b-asr, 21d Review interim report :rvir, after dir, 7d Revise interim report :rir, after rvir, 5d Submit interim report :after rir, 1d section Plan Octopus evaluation Plan evaluation :o-plan, after b-analyse, 21d section Octopus interviews Develop interview protocol :o-ditv, after o-plan rir, 14d Review interview protocol :o-rvitv, after o-ditv, 5d Revise interview protocol :o-ritv, after o-rvitv, 7d Recruit interviewees :o-recruit, after ethics o-ritv, 14d Schedule interview :o-sch, after o-recruit, 5d Conduct interviews :o-itv, after o-sch, 14d Process interview data :o-pitv, after o-itv, 14d Analyse interview data :o-aitv, after o-pitv, 14d section Octopus survey Develop survey protocol :o-dsp, after o-plan rir, 14d Draft survey :o-dsr, after o-dsp, 5d Review/revise survey :o-rsr, after o-dsr, 7d Conduct survey :o-sr, after ethics o-rsr, 14d Process survey data :o-psr, after o-sr, 14d Analyse survey data :o-asr, after o-psr, 14d section Final report Additional analyses :o-analyse, after o-aitv o-asr, 14d Draft final report :dfr, after o-analyse, 21d Review final report :rvfr, after dfr, 10d Revise final report :rfr, after rvfr, 14d Submit final report :after rfr, 1d section Meetings/travel NASA-panel :nasa, 2022-10-05, 2022-10-06 GOSH-conference :gosh, 2022-10-22, 2022-10-31 OPENNEXT-conference :on, 2022-12-06, 2022-12-09 TW-trip (tentative) :tw, 2023-01-14, 2023-01-25","title":"Evaluation timeline"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-09/","text":"Meetings 2022-09 2022-09-21 Time: 2022-09-21T16:00+01:00 Present: Pen and Jackie Ethics approval JISC is happy to proceed per email from Lola today. We went over the Research Ethics Applications website : For anticipated end date, let's go for three years. We probably don't need to run the documents by the Research Data Service this time. Need to email Liam McKervey to confirm the check box for financial inducement. Jackie can be listed as a collaborator and advise while Pen is the primary submitter. Z drive and data storage Marcus is keen to utilise existing University infrastructure instead of something like the OSF. This should be doable even if the most sensitive data (e.g. raw interview data) is only accessible to us with University IT access. We should start reaching out to our contacts - at least informally - to be ready for exactly which communities we will be surveying/interviewing. We should figure out how we'd like to work with Lilli while she is available This will be better informed once there's a more detailed timeline and tasks... Work timeline Prioritise deliverables, their contents and dependencies, and a breakdown of tasks Temporal resolution of between a day and a week, data analyses will probably take a while Keep in mind what we need the most help with from Lilli and Maria Scoping literature review To identify what we know and don't know to inform interview/survey design For interview/survey methodology Pen has obtained and will obtain more methods/protocols from past colleagues plus Lilli Some examples are in the Z drive Could start some discussion with Robbie Clark in the #meta-stream channel or in real life The qualitative work will likely focus on a thematic analyses For at least the initial interviews/focus groups, there would be more than one of us present with one person conducting it The second chunk of work in 2023 will focus on how Octopus specifically has and will affect a researcher's workflow, how might it relate to their views on and relationship with research/other researchers, with input from Alex and Lola 2022-09-23 Time: 2022-09-23T15:30+01:00 Present: Pen and Jackie Jackie lent Pen their qualitative research handbook from Oxford Today's meeting focused on Pen's draft work timeline for Octopus baseline and project evaluations through October 2023 For the next couple weeks , Pen's plan is to focus on The Research Ethics Application Time-limited literature review Time-limited review of qualitative methods ... after which will move on to fleshing out the interview and survey protocols Also during this time, we should each reach out to our contacts listed in the spreadsheet Jackie created and establish exactly which communities we can send the survey/interview to A key deadline is that the interim report has to be submitted mid-February 2023 ! If the interview/survey processes like recruitment and scheduling could overlap more, this should be doable... Research Ethics Application Jackie was able to see the test application Pen created Liam McKervey responded about the financial inducement check box, basically we can make the call Plan is to have a complete draft application ready by approximately 2022-09-26 with any questions/concerns to discuss with Jackie Goal is to submit the application mid-next week Interview planning How to be remotely make use of Lilli's services in October 2022 As interview/survey protocols develop, get Lilli's critique of them Do a couple practice interviews in her presence for her feedback The draft interview guide is currently a pretty good view of what Alex/Lola are looking for It was created from Jackie's practice interviews The processes of recruiting, scheduling, and conducting the interviews could be compressed by overlapping them more Aim to have the bulk of interviews done by mid-December 2022! Survey This is actually less clear in terms of what we really want to look for -> Could discuss with Alex For 2nd half for Octopus valuation in 2023: How well is Octopus is fit for purposes for achieving its aims? Should talk to people who have started using Octopus and those who haven't and introduce it to them Need some feedback from Alex et al. on what they really want for this part Maria will be available almost full time for the first couple weeks in October 2022, and could at least help with the literature review Pen will be mostly away 2022-10-24/31 at the conference for the Gathering for Open Science Hardware , but can ask the highly multidisciplinary researchers there about interest in the Octopus interviews/survey. Jackie will be physically away Late November 2022 for about a week Mid-December 2022 to mid-January 2023 There is a TARG away day 2022-12-12/14 Action items: DONE: Pen will share 2022-09-23 meeting notes DONE: Pen will ask everyone to reach out to their contacts DONE: Pen will complete the Research Ethics Application by 2022-09-26 and aim to submit mid-week DONE: Pen will find, add, and contact the person who conducted a very similar interview for OSF about 1.5 years ago to learn from them DONE: Pen will set up regular meetings with Jackie 2022-09-28 Present: Jackie, Lilli, Pen Let's work out a schedule for what Lilli could help with, how many hours, and when Interview guide revision Lilli: though the current draft is not bad, but looks very long. What are the most important questions? Some interview tips: Jackie: Take a few seconds think it through and ask the question in the most open way possible. E.g. \"would you say your role in science is very constrained with division of labour\" vs \"tell me what it's like for division of labour in your team\"? Or \"did you take the bus\" -> \"how did you commute this morning\"? So you don't bias people towards anything or any response. Lilli: Recognise the flexibility in how it's done, and lots of it is down to establishing a rapport with the interviewee. Don't forget to actually listen after asking a question! Jackie walked us through the current interview guide: We want to elucidate research culture as it relates to publishing, focusing on the idea of roles/division of labour in academia which is one of the 5 main aims of Ocotpus to affect. Though we could remain mindful of the other aims e.g. questionable research practices, if/when it comes up in an interview or maybe add to interview guide. But we think the most lacking is how they fit into the larger picture and how current system interacts. Start by giving people an idea of what we're asking them about. It's easy for people to go off in random/wrong directions. So should explain via the initial questions in the \"Introduce\" section , including how publication formats interact with aspects of the research process. Need to keep this short e.g. a couple minutes because people easily go deep into what they do. Some interviewees might focus on specific aspects like only data, so some prodding could be needed. Note: We might not necessarily ask every question in the guide. Jackie: Probably read through the guide, then practice several times, before being able to hold the interview structure in your mind! Expect people to bring up: this is how a project works in my field, but varying degrees of how much they have thought about how well does it work or just anything about that process. So might need to ask them to think about what works well and not. And even those who comes with a list of things, they might still consider things they haven't thought of. For section 2 Need to get at whether it'll be useful to change how things are structured and published So need to ask about division of labour, what are valued, what are shared For questions on what's valued and shared, the might affect the later section on research assessment Section 4 research assessment Note: People will often stay focused on what just came before and answer based on that, so might need to more clearly delineate sections. Section 5 Motivated by informal conversations Alex had Got impression that people have been saying they would like to be a specialist when they also feel they need to be a generalist to succeed in academia Want to get at how specialise/generalised people they are, and elicite viewpoints around that they're being forced into a generalist role. This feels like a challenging section where we do not want to bias people in their responses. Though it might come up in section 2 regarding roles/labour division, so the discussion could come from there. That said, this section is a bit of a bonus, though potentially important. The idea is that Octopus could possibly help specialists where their work could be recognised For 5.d. people tell Alex that they feel what they need to do for career progression (e.g. expected to write generalist papers e.g. a Nature paper with a convincing narrative and since they're so specialised they are always a middle author) do not match their strengths (e.g. maybe a specialism like numerical modelling) Lilli: Sounds like it also has lots to do with what people perceive as success factors the system expects vs what they'd like for themselves Additional discussion about the interview guide: Lilli: Might it be helpful to explain a bit what the Octopus model is? Should we introduce a bit what it's about? Jackie: Could be good question to discuss with Alex, i.e. whether we might jump the gun a bit since there's a second round of Octopus evaluations in 2023. -> This has been added as a comment \"Lilli/Pen mentioned...\". Pen: Let's discuss this on 2022-10-19 Also could discuss priorities of the interview questions with Alex Survey design by converting it from interview questions Jackie: Broad steps can be use some of the data we get from interviews to inform survey design, so ideally let's get a handful of interviews in first. E.g. is everyone answering the same/different way, do people focus on certain things? Do people give wildly different answers because of their field on what is valued? The way we're identifying recruitment pool is ad-hoc, how do we report on this in the methodology? How is it usually done? Do you just state it or does it need to also follow a protocol? Jackie: Yeah it's a convenience sample of who we have access to, and snowball sampling where we ask people to suggest others as long as we're clear about it. We also quickly reviewed ethics application Change end date add another year to end of 2024 For recruitment Say something about snowball sampling or upon recommendation from participants or other contacts, we might reach out to more potential interviewees. We will organically grow our network of possible interviewees through discussions with participants. In advert, remove \"arts/humanities\" Remove bullet point on postgraduate research/degree in participant information sheet Action items: Lilli will carefully examine the interview guide this coming week Jackie will invite Pen to meetings with Mariia for work on the literature review Pen will make the minor tweaks to the Research Ethics Application and submit Pen will set up future regular meetings with Jackie Pen will organise and let Jackie/Lilli know time for practice interviews, could be fine to even start formal interviews asap as soon as ethics go through even before the meeting on 2022-10-19 Pen will propose list of interviewees by Friday Pen will ask about if and how much we introduce the Ocotpus platform in the first round of interviews/surveys in the meeting on 2022-10-19 Pen will add Annette Johansen (as recommended by Vibeke) to contact list Pen will contact Johanna Cohoon about qualitative interview by OSF regular meeting 2022-09-30 T13:00+01:00 Present: Jackie, Pen Ethics received \"provisional favourable opinion\" and \"you can begin your data collection\". Good! Pen received three sets of qualitative methods Sonika G. from Open!Next Lilli's work Johanna/Hannah Cohoon from OSF This should be more than enough to study given the short timeframe Meeting notes tracking Pen will add link to HedgeDoc Markdown pad to meetings which provides realtime collaboration Before meetings, have an overview/agenda of the meeting in the pad We talked about providing some structure to our meetings mediated by meetings notes with an agenda before the meeting Want to poll Jackie/Lilli for their availability so I can bring this when scheduling practice interview Can Pen use Jackie's viewable calendar for this? -> Yes Confirm with Lilli if their calendar is up-to-date -> Yes, confirmed Practice interviews: Some people from TARG are willing Want better representation from academia Pen: AGU, ecology, citizen science people, computer science people Jackie: Reaching out to individual people is a more controlled way to not over sample Jackie: Suggest some people from medical sciences, social sciencess Need to think better about the demographics we want to cover: geographical? Meeting with Mariia Pen can try to hand over the Zotero library to Mariia Aware of what we are doing, and Octopus overall, ask Mariia to listen in on some of our meetings, and maybe meetings w/ Alex and John Could ask her to introduce herself a bit, we know she did a degree in social policy/sociology Might be able to talk to qualitative people on Slack Lab meetings, when and what? -> discuss later ACTION ITEMS: Jackie and Pen will both contact a couple people likely willing to do practice interviews. Robbit and Thea from TARG have put themselves forward Hannah from OSF is also willing to participate Pen will continue to reach out to individual people for the real interviews Pen will write a draft email with one paragraph as a template for us to contact people with. Explain what we are looking for, a little bit about us doing this on behalf of Octopus, understand experiences of researchers across variety of disciplines across various research cultures especially with respect to publishing. Want to get as wide a set of views as possible. Daily experiences. can you put us in touch with a couple people you know who might be willing to do this over Zoom? They don't need to be experts in anything other than their own in publishing research. Pen will complete setting up notes management Realtime collaborative editing, plus Archive of old notes Pen will ask at lab meeting today for people willing to help with practice interviews Pen will handover the Octopus Zotero group admin to Mariia Future issues: Planning presentations at TARG lab meetings","title":"Meetings 2022-09"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-09/#meetings-2022-09","text":"","title":"Meetings 2022-09"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-09/#2022-09-21","text":"Time: 2022-09-21T16:00+01:00 Present: Pen and Jackie Ethics approval JISC is happy to proceed per email from Lola today. We went over the Research Ethics Applications website : For anticipated end date, let's go for three years. We probably don't need to run the documents by the Research Data Service this time. Need to email Liam McKervey to confirm the check box for financial inducement. Jackie can be listed as a collaborator and advise while Pen is the primary submitter. Z drive and data storage Marcus is keen to utilise existing University infrastructure instead of something like the OSF. This should be doable even if the most sensitive data (e.g. raw interview data) is only accessible to us with University IT access. We should start reaching out to our contacts - at least informally - to be ready for exactly which communities we will be surveying/interviewing. We should figure out how we'd like to work with Lilli while she is available This will be better informed once there's a more detailed timeline and tasks... Work timeline Prioritise deliverables, their contents and dependencies, and a breakdown of tasks Temporal resolution of between a day and a week, data analyses will probably take a while Keep in mind what we need the most help with from Lilli and Maria Scoping literature review To identify what we know and don't know to inform interview/survey design For interview/survey methodology Pen has obtained and will obtain more methods/protocols from past colleagues plus Lilli Some examples are in the Z drive Could start some discussion with Robbie Clark in the #meta-stream channel or in real life The qualitative work will likely focus on a thematic analyses For at least the initial interviews/focus groups, there would be more than one of us present with one person conducting it The second chunk of work in 2023 will focus on how Octopus specifically has and will affect a researcher's workflow, how might it relate to their views on and relationship with research/other researchers, with input from Alex and Lola","title":"2022-09-21"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-09/#2022-09-23","text":"Time: 2022-09-23T15:30+01:00 Present: Pen and Jackie Jackie lent Pen their qualitative research handbook from Oxford Today's meeting focused on Pen's draft work timeline for Octopus baseline and project evaluations through October 2023 For the next couple weeks , Pen's plan is to focus on The Research Ethics Application Time-limited literature review Time-limited review of qualitative methods ... after which will move on to fleshing out the interview and survey protocols Also during this time, we should each reach out to our contacts listed in the spreadsheet Jackie created and establish exactly which communities we can send the survey/interview to A key deadline is that the interim report has to be submitted mid-February 2023 ! If the interview/survey processes like recruitment and scheduling could overlap more, this should be doable... Research Ethics Application Jackie was able to see the test application Pen created Liam McKervey responded about the financial inducement check box, basically we can make the call Plan is to have a complete draft application ready by approximately 2022-09-26 with any questions/concerns to discuss with Jackie Goal is to submit the application mid-next week Interview planning How to be remotely make use of Lilli's services in October 2022 As interview/survey protocols develop, get Lilli's critique of them Do a couple practice interviews in her presence for her feedback The draft interview guide is currently a pretty good view of what Alex/Lola are looking for It was created from Jackie's practice interviews The processes of recruiting, scheduling, and conducting the interviews could be compressed by overlapping them more Aim to have the bulk of interviews done by mid-December 2022! Survey This is actually less clear in terms of what we really want to look for -> Could discuss with Alex For 2nd half for Octopus valuation in 2023: How well is Octopus is fit for purposes for achieving its aims? Should talk to people who have started using Octopus and those who haven't and introduce it to them Need some feedback from Alex et al. on what they really want for this part Maria will be available almost full time for the first couple weeks in October 2022, and could at least help with the literature review Pen will be mostly away 2022-10-24/31 at the conference for the Gathering for Open Science Hardware , but can ask the highly multidisciplinary researchers there about interest in the Octopus interviews/survey. Jackie will be physically away Late November 2022 for about a week Mid-December 2022 to mid-January 2023 There is a TARG away day 2022-12-12/14 Action items: DONE: Pen will share 2022-09-23 meeting notes DONE: Pen will ask everyone to reach out to their contacts DONE: Pen will complete the Research Ethics Application by 2022-09-26 and aim to submit mid-week DONE: Pen will find, add, and contact the person who conducted a very similar interview for OSF about 1.5 years ago to learn from them DONE: Pen will set up regular meetings with Jackie","title":"2022-09-23"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-09/#2022-09-28","text":"Present: Jackie, Lilli, Pen Let's work out a schedule for what Lilli could help with, how many hours, and when Interview guide revision Lilli: though the current draft is not bad, but looks very long. What are the most important questions? Some interview tips: Jackie: Take a few seconds think it through and ask the question in the most open way possible. E.g. \"would you say your role in science is very constrained with division of labour\" vs \"tell me what it's like for division of labour in your team\"? Or \"did you take the bus\" -> \"how did you commute this morning\"? So you don't bias people towards anything or any response. Lilli: Recognise the flexibility in how it's done, and lots of it is down to establishing a rapport with the interviewee. Don't forget to actually listen after asking a question! Jackie walked us through the current interview guide: We want to elucidate research culture as it relates to publishing, focusing on the idea of roles/division of labour in academia which is one of the 5 main aims of Ocotpus to affect. Though we could remain mindful of the other aims e.g. questionable research practices, if/when it comes up in an interview or maybe add to interview guide. But we think the most lacking is how they fit into the larger picture and how current system interacts. Start by giving people an idea of what we're asking them about. It's easy for people to go off in random/wrong directions. So should explain via the initial questions in the \"Introduce\" section , including how publication formats interact with aspects of the research process. Need to keep this short e.g. a couple minutes because people easily go deep into what they do. Some interviewees might focus on specific aspects like only data, so some prodding could be needed. Note: We might not necessarily ask every question in the guide. Jackie: Probably read through the guide, then practice several times, before being able to hold the interview structure in your mind! Expect people to bring up: this is how a project works in my field, but varying degrees of how much they have thought about how well does it work or just anything about that process. So might need to ask them to think about what works well and not. And even those who comes with a list of things, they might still consider things they haven't thought of. For section 2 Need to get at whether it'll be useful to change how things are structured and published So need to ask about division of labour, what are valued, what are shared For questions on what's valued and shared, the might affect the later section on research assessment Section 4 research assessment Note: People will often stay focused on what just came before and answer based on that, so might need to more clearly delineate sections. Section 5 Motivated by informal conversations Alex had Got impression that people have been saying they would like to be a specialist when they also feel they need to be a generalist to succeed in academia Want to get at how specialise/generalised people they are, and elicite viewpoints around that they're being forced into a generalist role. This feels like a challenging section where we do not want to bias people in their responses. Though it might come up in section 2 regarding roles/labour division, so the discussion could come from there. That said, this section is a bit of a bonus, though potentially important. The idea is that Octopus could possibly help specialists where their work could be recognised For 5.d. people tell Alex that they feel what they need to do for career progression (e.g. expected to write generalist papers e.g. a Nature paper with a convincing narrative and since they're so specialised they are always a middle author) do not match their strengths (e.g. maybe a specialism like numerical modelling) Lilli: Sounds like it also has lots to do with what people perceive as success factors the system expects vs what they'd like for themselves Additional discussion about the interview guide: Lilli: Might it be helpful to explain a bit what the Octopus model is? Should we introduce a bit what it's about? Jackie: Could be good question to discuss with Alex, i.e. whether we might jump the gun a bit since there's a second round of Octopus evaluations in 2023. -> This has been added as a comment \"Lilli/Pen mentioned...\". Pen: Let's discuss this on 2022-10-19 Also could discuss priorities of the interview questions with Alex Survey design by converting it from interview questions Jackie: Broad steps can be use some of the data we get from interviews to inform survey design, so ideally let's get a handful of interviews in first. E.g. is everyone answering the same/different way, do people focus on certain things? Do people give wildly different answers because of their field on what is valued? The way we're identifying recruitment pool is ad-hoc, how do we report on this in the methodology? How is it usually done? Do you just state it or does it need to also follow a protocol? Jackie: Yeah it's a convenience sample of who we have access to, and snowball sampling where we ask people to suggest others as long as we're clear about it. We also quickly reviewed ethics application Change end date add another year to end of 2024 For recruitment Say something about snowball sampling or upon recommendation from participants or other contacts, we might reach out to more potential interviewees. We will organically grow our network of possible interviewees through discussions with participants. In advert, remove \"arts/humanities\" Remove bullet point on postgraduate research/degree in participant information sheet Action items: Lilli will carefully examine the interview guide this coming week Jackie will invite Pen to meetings with Mariia for work on the literature review Pen will make the minor tweaks to the Research Ethics Application and submit Pen will set up future regular meetings with Jackie Pen will organise and let Jackie/Lilli know time for practice interviews, could be fine to even start formal interviews asap as soon as ethics go through even before the meeting on 2022-10-19 Pen will propose list of interviewees by Friday Pen will ask about if and how much we introduce the Ocotpus platform in the first round of interviews/surveys in the meeting on 2022-10-19 Pen will add Annette Johansen (as recommended by Vibeke) to contact list Pen will contact Johanna Cohoon about qualitative interview by OSF","title":"2022-09-28"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-09/#regular-meeting-2022-09-30","text":"T13:00+01:00 Present: Jackie, Pen Ethics received \"provisional favourable opinion\" and \"you can begin your data collection\". Good! Pen received three sets of qualitative methods Sonika G. from Open!Next Lilli's work Johanna/Hannah Cohoon from OSF This should be more than enough to study given the short timeframe Meeting notes tracking Pen will add link to HedgeDoc Markdown pad to meetings which provides realtime collaboration Before meetings, have an overview/agenda of the meeting in the pad We talked about providing some structure to our meetings mediated by meetings notes with an agenda before the meeting Want to poll Jackie/Lilli for their availability so I can bring this when scheduling practice interview Can Pen use Jackie's viewable calendar for this? -> Yes Confirm with Lilli if their calendar is up-to-date -> Yes, confirmed Practice interviews: Some people from TARG are willing Want better representation from academia Pen: AGU, ecology, citizen science people, computer science people Jackie: Reaching out to individual people is a more controlled way to not over sample Jackie: Suggest some people from medical sciences, social sciencess Need to think better about the demographics we want to cover: geographical? Meeting with Mariia Pen can try to hand over the Zotero library to Mariia Aware of what we are doing, and Octopus overall, ask Mariia to listen in on some of our meetings, and maybe meetings w/ Alex and John Could ask her to introduce herself a bit, we know she did a degree in social policy/sociology Might be able to talk to qualitative people on Slack Lab meetings, when and what? -> discuss later ACTION ITEMS: Jackie and Pen will both contact a couple people likely willing to do practice interviews. Robbit and Thea from TARG have put themselves forward Hannah from OSF is also willing to participate Pen will continue to reach out to individual people for the real interviews Pen will write a draft email with one paragraph as a template for us to contact people with. Explain what we are looking for, a little bit about us doing this on behalf of Octopus, understand experiences of researchers across variety of disciplines across various research cultures especially with respect to publishing. Want to get as wide a set of views as possible. Daily experiences. can you put us in touch with a couple people you know who might be willing to do this over Zoom? They don't need to be experts in anything other than their own in publishing research. Pen will complete setting up notes management Realtime collaborative editing, plus Archive of old notes Pen will ask at lab meeting today for people willing to help with practice interviews Pen will handover the Octopus Zotero group admin to Mariia Future issues: Planning presentations at TARG lab meetings","title":"regular meeting 2022-09-30"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/","text":"Meetings 2022-10 Regular meeting 2022-10-07 Time: 2022-10-07T16:30+01:00 Present: Jackie (JT) Pen (HPY) AGENDA general updates recap of practice interview with Robbie status of interview contacts work plan with Mariia (from last week) plan presentation slots for TARG lab meetings general updates JT: Things seem to be moving forward, good. On Thursday, 2022-11-03 and 2022-11-10, there will be events with JT's collaborator on responsible research project will be here with open workshop in the morning starting 11:00 UTC Brian Nosek will be around 2022-11-10 HPY: Saw Brian Nosek virtually at NASA open science panel this week Pen created a dedicated Zotero account for our Octopus shared library, but with Pen's email for now. The account is octopus-bristol and is now the owner of the group. recap of practice interview with Robbie Practice interview with Robbie Clark on 2022-10-06T14:00+01:00. (we did this yesterday right after the interview) Just remember to do this for real for Thea next Tuesday! status of interview contacts HPY: I started emailing people How much should we introduce Octopus when recruiting and during interviews? I will update participant info sheet accordingly and create the online consent form -> In the interest of time and since HPY is familiar with EUSurvey, let's use it for the interview consent forms. Authorship order in info sheet? -> Let's go with HPY, Marcus, JT The offer of GBP 20 is difficult to do for non-UK participants -> Suggestions? UNESCO contacts harder than anticipated, because most of them don't do research projects per se, they are more like policy people Can JT reach out to OSF for referrals? -> Let's go with finding people from different disciplines and geographic regions first JT might indirectly have contacts in Brazil's reproducibility network -> added to spreadsheet Marcus knows a few people in the pharma industry that might be good We briefly revisited whether and how much to introduce Octopus before an interview -> Should be fine for now. Example email to potential interviewee: Subject: Invitation to interview - Division of labour, credit, and publishing research Dear Andreas, This is Dr Pen-Yuan Hsing (\"Pen\"), a researcher at the University of Bristol. You were suggested by Dr Alex Freeman as someone who would be invaluable for an series of interviews I'm conducting for the new Octopus publishing platform supported by Research England, JISC, and UKRN: https://www.octopus.ac/ We aim to establish a baseline understanding of the wider research environment including attitudes on division of labour, credit, and publishing practices. To that end, would you have time for an online interview - likely just over an hour - to give us your perspective? This will most likely be in November 2022, but there is flexibility and I'm happy to work with you to find the best time. Anonymised and summarised learnings from the interviews will be published in a report due mid-February 2023, and will inform the future of Octopus to better serve the needs of researchers like you. Please let me know if you are available or if you can suggest someone. Thank you so much for your time and hope to hear from you soon! Pen School of Psychological Science University of Bristol Example forum post : https://forum.openhardware.science/t/would-you-like-to-be-interviewed-division-of-labour-credit-and-publishing-research/4278?u=hpy work plan with Mariia Funding is from IEU to work on research projects with established researchers i.e. Marcus, and co-supervised by JT and Neil who are the official line managers JT will ask her to do some work on other projects But main thing is for her to focus on literature review HPY can ask her for assistance with things while teaching her things Probably more to discuss with Mariia to check in with what we'd like her help with and what they are interested in (from last week) plan presentation slots for TARG lab meetings HPY: As mentioned, if we get a slot for 2022-12-09, I will not be here but Mariia could present something -> Zoe has taken this slot so we can talk about later meetings For future slots, I could present on Status of Octopus evaluations Open science topics of general interest Demonstration of code reproducibility in Python or R Practice talk for an invited lecture on open science JT: Dates are currently 2023-02-03 2023-02-10 2023-03-10 2023-03-17 2023-05-19 HPY has requested access to the calendar with Peter R. JT: Let's try to set up a #meta-stream meeting now that we have more people, will initiate something Let's continue this in a later lab meeting ACTION ITEMS JT will send HPY Brian Nosek's itinerary for his visit 2022-11-10 HPY will add to interview questions geography, career stage, and discipline/type of research, plus \"what kinds of data do you work with?\" \"modalities of your work, lab based, field based, existing datasets, etc.?\" JT will contact some pharma people, including ones Marcus knows Someone at Oxford HPY Will contact some engineers from Open!Next project Ask about clinical/medical researchers (esp outside the UK) in the TARG Slack group HPY will get real consent from Thea for next Tuesday's interview. HPY will add to agenda for 2022-10-19 to check with John from Jisc about getting $$$ to people outside the UK (and is cash possible or voucher only? Or some other form?), alternatively find a non-profit in the UK for them to choose to donate to Also ask on Slack how people do this HPY will create online consent form and send to Thea HPY will update author order in info sheet FOR FUTURE MEETING(S) continuing planning lab meeting presentation(s) regularly revisit contacts list and how many people agreed to interviews plan surveys Regular meeting 2022-10-14 Time: 2022-10-14T16:00+01:00 Present: Jackie (JT) Pen (HPY) AGENDA recap practice interviews status of interview contacts recap practice interviews We should be ready! status of interview contacts We went over the list again, and checked it against what we're looking for in the protocol. Need someone from the physical sciences. HPY will email Alex to get her to look at contacts list before our next meeting 2022-10-29 HPY will read up on Stan and Natasha's work to prioritise interviews. ACTION ITEMS HPY will email Alex to get her to look at contacts list before our next meeting 2022-10-29 HPY will go through at least one full transcription first, then work with Mariia to see if she can help. \"I am looking people in [insert field here], we'd love to interview you or someone you know who would be good for this.\" HPY will ask TARG for recommendation for someone who does medical clinical trials (after discussing with Alex) FOR FUTURE MEETING(S) Plan lab meetings. Octopus monthly meeting 2022-10-21 Time: 2022-10-21T15:30+01:00 Present: Jackie, Pen AGENDA Interview updates Survey design Report due 2023-02 Interview updates First \"real\" interview yesterday with Jack. HPY: With the 13 agreed interviewees plus Alex's math and medical contacts yesterday, we've already got LOTS to process. Survey design Remember Jackie and others in TARG can advise on this! Report due 2023-02 Re-assess in a month from now and see who else we need to interview (or not) out of our list of contacts Don't interview too many people What's the format for our report? Is there a template? Though we can imagine that this would be for Alex, and those who want to understand what Octopus is doing. ACTION ITEMS HPY will email Alex and John about expectations and format/template for the report, who's the audience? Include a draft of the first paragraph of the putative report, e.g. evidence revealing aspects of research culture as pertains to the aim of the Octopus platform HPY will try to get one quantitative physical sciences person but not add more than that for now FOR FUTURE MEETING(S) Survey planning 2022-10-18 Time: 2022-10-18T13:30+01:00 Present: Jackie (JT), Lilli (LW), Mariia (MT), Pen (HPY) JT: What we want from the interviews might not match up exactly with that for the survey Some from interviews we might not necessarily need from survey data So we should think more about what we want from the survey, not just coming up with survey-appropriate questions converted from interview guide We could come up with something for Alex et al. to comment on What do we really want to know? would be a better first step to come up with meta questions before diving into the weeds From design discussions with Alex et al., want to find out through surveys how common or widespread are the experiences/practices described in the interviews also to get more response to what we want to ask through the interviews Survey draft for next meeting with Alex Hopefully with more from the literature review and interview results to discuss Say something about what we already know lots about and not needed for the survey and vice versa Lilli will give a couple of example questions to each part of the interview guide on what Might aim to have survey for beginning of 2023-01 Better than December Have analyses ready for as soon as survey results come in to speed things up JT could go through the aims and clean it up a little bit","title":"Meetings 2022-10"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#meetings-2022-10","text":"","title":"Meetings 2022-10"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#regular-meeting-2022-10-07","text":"Time: 2022-10-07T16:30+01:00 Present: Jackie (JT) Pen (HPY)","title":"Regular meeting 2022-10-07"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#agenda","text":"general updates recap of practice interview with Robbie status of interview contacts work plan with Mariia (from last week) plan presentation slots for TARG lab meetings","title":"AGENDA"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#general-updates","text":"JT: Things seem to be moving forward, good. On Thursday, 2022-11-03 and 2022-11-10, there will be events with JT's collaborator on responsible research project will be here with open workshop in the morning starting 11:00 UTC Brian Nosek will be around 2022-11-10 HPY: Saw Brian Nosek virtually at NASA open science panel this week Pen created a dedicated Zotero account for our Octopus shared library, but with Pen's email for now. The account is octopus-bristol and is now the owner of the group.","title":"general updates"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#recap-of-practice-interview-with-robbie","text":"Practice interview with Robbie Clark on 2022-10-06T14:00+01:00. (we did this yesterday right after the interview) Just remember to do this for real for Thea next Tuesday!","title":"recap of practice interview with Robbie"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#status-of-interview-contacts","text":"HPY: I started emailing people How much should we introduce Octopus when recruiting and during interviews? I will update participant info sheet accordingly and create the online consent form -> In the interest of time and since HPY is familiar with EUSurvey, let's use it for the interview consent forms. Authorship order in info sheet? -> Let's go with HPY, Marcus, JT The offer of GBP 20 is difficult to do for non-UK participants -> Suggestions? UNESCO contacts harder than anticipated, because most of them don't do research projects per se, they are more like policy people Can JT reach out to OSF for referrals? -> Let's go with finding people from different disciplines and geographic regions first JT might indirectly have contacts in Brazil's reproducibility network -> added to spreadsheet Marcus knows a few people in the pharma industry that might be good We briefly revisited whether and how much to introduce Octopus before an interview -> Should be fine for now. Example email to potential interviewee: Subject: Invitation to interview - Division of labour, credit, and publishing research Dear Andreas, This is Dr Pen-Yuan Hsing (\"Pen\"), a researcher at the University of Bristol. You were suggested by Dr Alex Freeman as someone who would be invaluable for an series of interviews I'm conducting for the new Octopus publishing platform supported by Research England, JISC, and UKRN: https://www.octopus.ac/ We aim to establish a baseline understanding of the wider research environment including attitudes on division of labour, credit, and publishing practices. To that end, would you have time for an online interview - likely just over an hour - to give us your perspective? This will most likely be in November 2022, but there is flexibility and I'm happy to work with you to find the best time. Anonymised and summarised learnings from the interviews will be published in a report due mid-February 2023, and will inform the future of Octopus to better serve the needs of researchers like you. Please let me know if you are available or if you can suggest someone. Thank you so much for your time and hope to hear from you soon! Pen School of Psychological Science University of Bristol Example forum post : https://forum.openhardware.science/t/would-you-like-to-be-interviewed-division-of-labour-credit-and-publishing-research/4278?u=hpy","title":"status of interview contacts"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#work-plan-with-mariia","text":"Funding is from IEU to work on research projects with established researchers i.e. Marcus, and co-supervised by JT and Neil who are the official line managers JT will ask her to do some work on other projects But main thing is for her to focus on literature review HPY can ask her for assistance with things while teaching her things Probably more to discuss with Mariia to check in with what we'd like her help with and what they are interested in","title":"work plan with Mariia"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#from-last-week-plan-presentation-slots-for-targ-lab-meetings","text":"HPY: As mentioned, if we get a slot for 2022-12-09, I will not be here but Mariia could present something -> Zoe has taken this slot so we can talk about later meetings For future slots, I could present on Status of Octopus evaluations Open science topics of general interest Demonstration of code reproducibility in Python or R Practice talk for an invited lecture on open science JT: Dates are currently 2023-02-03 2023-02-10 2023-03-10 2023-03-17 2023-05-19 HPY has requested access to the calendar with Peter R. JT: Let's try to set up a #meta-stream meeting now that we have more people, will initiate something Let's continue this in a later lab meeting","title":"(from last week) plan presentation slots for TARG lab meetings"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#action-items","text":"JT will send HPY Brian Nosek's itinerary for his visit 2022-11-10 HPY will add to interview questions geography, career stage, and discipline/type of research, plus \"what kinds of data do you work with?\" \"modalities of your work, lab based, field based, existing datasets, etc.?\" JT will contact some pharma people, including ones Marcus knows Someone at Oxford HPY Will contact some engineers from Open!Next project Ask about clinical/medical researchers (esp outside the UK) in the TARG Slack group HPY will get real consent from Thea for next Tuesday's interview. HPY will add to agenda for 2022-10-19 to check with John from Jisc about getting $$$ to people outside the UK (and is cash possible or voucher only? Or some other form?), alternatively find a non-profit in the UK for them to choose to donate to Also ask on Slack how people do this HPY will create online consent form and send to Thea HPY will update author order in info sheet","title":"ACTION ITEMS"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#for-future-meetings","text":"continuing planning lab meeting presentation(s) regularly revisit contacts list and how many people agreed to interviews plan surveys","title":"FOR FUTURE MEETING(S)"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#regular-meeting-2022-10-14","text":"Time: 2022-10-14T16:00+01:00 Present: Jackie (JT) Pen (HPY)","title":"Regular meeting 2022-10-14"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#agenda_1","text":"recap practice interviews status of interview contacts","title":"AGENDA"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#recap-practice-interviews","text":"We should be ready!","title":"recap practice interviews"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#status-of-interview-contacts_1","text":"We went over the list again, and checked it against what we're looking for in the protocol. Need someone from the physical sciences. HPY will email Alex to get her to look at contacts list before our next meeting 2022-10-29 HPY will read up on Stan and Natasha's work to prioritise interviews.","title":"status of interview contacts"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#action-items_1","text":"HPY will email Alex to get her to look at contacts list before our next meeting 2022-10-29 HPY will go through at least one full transcription first, then work with Mariia to see if she can help. \"I am looking people in [insert field here], we'd love to interview you or someone you know who would be good for this.\" HPY will ask TARG for recommendation for someone who does medical clinical trials (after discussing with Alex)","title":"ACTION ITEMS"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#for-future-meetings_1","text":"Plan lab meetings.","title":"FOR FUTURE MEETING(S)"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#octopus-monthly-meeting-2022-10-21","text":"Time: 2022-10-21T15:30+01:00 Present: Jackie, Pen","title":"Octopus monthly meeting 2022-10-21"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#agenda_2","text":"Interview updates Survey design Report due 2023-02","title":"AGENDA"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#interview-updates","text":"First \"real\" interview yesterday with Jack. HPY: With the 13 agreed interviewees plus Alex's math and medical contacts yesterday, we've already got LOTS to process.","title":"Interview updates"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#survey-design","text":"Remember Jackie and others in TARG can advise on this!","title":"Survey design"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#report-due-2023-02","text":"Re-assess in a month from now and see who else we need to interview (or not) out of our list of contacts Don't interview too many people What's the format for our report? Is there a template? Though we can imagine that this would be for Alex, and those who want to understand what Octopus is doing.","title":"Report due 2023-02"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#action-items_2","text":"HPY will email Alex and John about expectations and format/template for the report, who's the audience? Include a draft of the first paragraph of the putative report, e.g. evidence revealing aspects of research culture as pertains to the aim of the Octopus platform HPY will try to get one quantitative physical sciences person but not add more than that for now","title":"ACTION ITEMS"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#for-future-meetings_2","text":"","title":"FOR FUTURE MEETING(S)"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-10/#survey-planning-2022-10-18","text":"Time: 2022-10-18T13:30+01:00 Present: Jackie (JT), Lilli (LW), Mariia (MT), Pen (HPY) JT: What we want from the interviews might not match up exactly with that for the survey Some from interviews we might not necessarily need from survey data So we should think more about what we want from the survey, not just coming up with survey-appropriate questions converted from interview guide We could come up with something for Alex et al. to comment on What do we really want to know? would be a better first step to come up with meta questions before diving into the weeds From design discussions with Alex et al., want to find out through surveys how common or widespread are the experiences/practices described in the interviews also to get more response to what we want to ask through the interviews Survey draft for next meeting with Alex Hopefully with more from the literature review and interview results to discuss Say something about what we already know lots about and not needed for the survey and vice versa Lilli will give a couple of example questions to each part of the interview guide on what Might aim to have survey for beginning of 2023-01 Better than December Have analyses ready for as soon as survey results come in to speed things up JT could go through the aims and clean it up a little bit","title":"Survey planning 2022-10-18"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/","text":"Meetings 2022-11 Regular meeting 2022-11-04 Time: 2022-11-04T15:30Z Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY) AGENDA General updates on Octopus interviews General updates on Octopus interviews HPY followed up with Alex on their mathematician and clinical practitioner contacts for interviews -> Mathematician found! John about buying vouchers for interviewees Updated interview guide 7 real interviews by next Octopus meeting Awaiting one more physical scientist We prepared meeting agenda items for meeting with Alex/John 2022-11-16 During interviews, don't just based analyses on transcripts, also remember to make observations and take notes Good practice to have multiple eyes Penciled in lab meeting slots: Pen 2023-02-10 Mariia 2023-03-17 ACTION ITEMS HPY will summarise interview insights so far in preparation for meeting with Alex 2022-11-16 and for improving interview guide Assess how well the questions are working Which of the 7 parts are people saying lots or little useful info about? What's surprising? What does it say about what we could do in the survey? HPY will examine Lilli's suggested survey questions And think about which main higher level questions to ask in the survey Also, before doing all this, try to independently enumerate (along with the survey draft) the things we'd like to ask in the survey instead of just translating from interview questions HPY will let Merc know that JT will be tuning in for interview HPY will continue transcribing interviews post interview wrap up 2022-11-08 Time: 2022-11-08T16:40Z Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY) We talked about tweaking the interview structure a bit, primarily in two ways: Part 1: Distribution of labour This is the hardest question to direct, i.e. answers are kind of all over the place and don't really break down research in the ways we had hoped i.e. problem, method, data collection, etc. So, Part 2: Sharing Interviewees tend to gravitate towards publishing papers. One additional question for this section could be: \"Are papers the main form of giving credit for work?\" But rather than starting with this question, let's still start with the more open-ended \"What parts of the research process do researchers tend to share...\", and if they only talk about papers, they follow with the question on \"Are papers the main form...?\" I intend to apply this change to interviews on and after 2022-11-09. Regular meeting 2022-11-11 Time: 2022-11-11T10:00Z Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY) AGENDA Octopus interviews Planning for next week's meeting with Alex and John Misc Octopus interviews Annotation strategy Should ask the qualitative research people in the TARG Slack group for tips. At least one interviewee has requested to check their anonymised transcript That's fine. Planning for next week's meeting with Alex and John HPY gave a summary of some key observations from the interviews so far Sounds good, do this again but structured to match the interview guide for a 10-min-ish summary at next week's meeting We also need to discuss the survey And next month's meeting will be very important for figuring out the survey with Alex et al. Misc HPY will likely be away 2022-12-08/09 for a meeting, but no major disruptions anticipated other than no interviews on those dates. ACTION ITEMS HPY will at least look at Lilli's proposed survey questions to understand how they could be designed, and further reflect on the draft survey HPY will circulate transcript with the interviewee who requested to review it HPY will ask TARG Slack group about tips for managing coding and annotations for interviews","title":"Meetings 2022-11"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#meetings-2022-11","text":"","title":"Meetings 2022-11"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#regular-meeting-2022-11-04","text":"Time: 2022-11-04T15:30Z Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY)","title":"Regular meeting 2022-11-04"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#agenda","text":"General updates on Octopus interviews","title":"AGENDA"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#general-updates-on-octopus-interviews","text":"HPY followed up with Alex on their mathematician and clinical practitioner contacts for interviews -> Mathematician found! John about buying vouchers for interviewees Updated interview guide 7 real interviews by next Octopus meeting Awaiting one more physical scientist We prepared meeting agenda items for meeting with Alex/John 2022-11-16 During interviews, don't just based analyses on transcripts, also remember to make observations and take notes Good practice to have multiple eyes Penciled in lab meeting slots: Pen 2023-02-10 Mariia 2023-03-17","title":"General updates on Octopus interviews"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#action-items","text":"HPY will summarise interview insights so far in preparation for meeting with Alex 2022-11-16 and for improving interview guide Assess how well the questions are working Which of the 7 parts are people saying lots or little useful info about? What's surprising? What does it say about what we could do in the survey? HPY will examine Lilli's suggested survey questions And think about which main higher level questions to ask in the survey Also, before doing all this, try to independently enumerate (along with the survey draft) the things we'd like to ask in the survey instead of just translating from interview questions HPY will let Merc know that JT will be tuning in for interview HPY will continue transcribing interviews","title":"ACTION ITEMS"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#post-interview-wrap-up-2022-11-08","text":"Time: 2022-11-08T16:40Z Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY) We talked about tweaking the interview structure a bit, primarily in two ways: Part 1: Distribution of labour This is the hardest question to direct, i.e. answers are kind of all over the place and don't really break down research in the ways we had hoped i.e. problem, method, data collection, etc. So, Part 2: Sharing Interviewees tend to gravitate towards publishing papers. One additional question for this section could be: \"Are papers the main form of giving credit for work?\" But rather than starting with this question, let's still start with the more open-ended \"What parts of the research process do researchers tend to share...\", and if they only talk about papers, they follow with the question on \"Are papers the main form...?\" I intend to apply this change to interviews on and after 2022-11-09.","title":"post interview wrap up 2022-11-08"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#regular-meeting-2022-11-11","text":"Time: 2022-11-11T10:00Z Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY)","title":"Regular meeting 2022-11-11"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#agenda_1","text":"Octopus interviews Planning for next week's meeting with Alex and John Misc","title":"AGENDA"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#octopus-interviews","text":"Annotation strategy Should ask the qualitative research people in the TARG Slack group for tips. At least one interviewee has requested to check their anonymised transcript That's fine.","title":"Octopus interviews"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#planning-for-next-weeks-meeting-with-alex-and-john","text":"HPY gave a summary of some key observations from the interviews so far Sounds good, do this again but structured to match the interview guide for a 10-min-ish summary at next week's meeting We also need to discuss the survey And next month's meeting will be very important for figuring out the survey with Alex et al.","title":"Planning for next week's meeting with Alex and John"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#misc","text":"HPY will likely be away 2022-12-08/09 for a meeting, but no major disruptions anticipated other than no interviews on those dates.","title":"Misc"},{"location":"meeting%20notes/regular-meetings-2022-11/#action-items_1","text":"HPY will at least look at Lilli's proposed survey questions to understand how they could be designed, and further reflect on the draft survey HPY will circulate transcript with the interviewee who requested to review it HPY will ask TARG Slack group about tips for managing coding and annotations for interviews","title":"ACTION ITEMS"}]}