# Meetings 2022-12

## Regular meeting 2022-12-06

Time: 2022-12-06T15:00Z

Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (PY)

### AGENDA

* General updates
* Literature review sync
* Interview results
* Survey planning
* Agenda for Marcus mtg

#### General updates

* Cumberland lodge

#### Literature review sync

* Mariia (MT) met with PY on 2022-11-29 to sync up on literature review progress
* We then went through the survey draft

#### Interview results

* Transcripts much faster now
* Will have at least 14 interviews
  * We've ticked basically all boxed for what kinds of researchers we want to interview
  * The only one left are people with "atypical" research outputs?
    * Let's ask about this with Alex
    * JT could informally talk to an archaeologist today about this
    * Could also talk to a library person or someone from GLAM who does digital humanities
* Additional observations so far
  * Division of labour questions are hard to answer in detail, until starting to ask about credit/critique/assessment
  * Overwhelming consensus on the usefulness of early feedback, especially expert critique of methodology
    * But of course the people who are interviewed might be biased towards this, need to acknowledge self-selection in report
  * Everyone's "happy" with open research and want to do good science (i.e. consensus on early feedback), but no one's willing to be first mover, especially when there are other competing demands directly affecting career "success"
  * Reluctance to share/credit/critique is usually out of fear: 
    * Showing something raw or immature
    * Being scooped
    * Unequal power
* For the report
  * Beware of an issue with thematic analysis, it's less about quantifying x people said y
  * Acknowledge that there is still some possible self-selection going on

#### Survey planning

* Suggested survey content/structure
  * Introduction
    * Consent stuff
  * (1) Barriers to open research
  * (2) Questionable research practices (QRPs)
  * (3) Division of labour?
    * This one has been harder to assess during interviews, and there's little research in the literature
  * (4) How much do they value aspects of the publication process, e.g. time to publication, quality or speed of peer review, flexibility to include other material, etc.
    * PY has seen studies like this
* For each topic
  * PY agrees with 3 questions on how each affects self, scientific research, and ability to/responsibility on self vs institutions

## Regular meeting 2022-12-12

Time: 2022-12-12T10:40Z

Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (PY)

We briefly met on the train to Egham/Cumberland Lodge for a sitrep.

* Survey preparation for meeting with Alex on 2022-12-21
* Should have a script like an RMarkdown file for the data to go into for analysing once the results come in
* JT suggests a week by week plan for next two months

### ACTION ITEMS

* JT will send PY past analyses of surveys