# Meetings 2022-10

## Regular meeting 2022-10-07

Time: 2022-10-07T16:30+01:00

Present: 

* Jackie (JT)
* Pen (HPY)

### AGENDA

* general updates
* recap of practice interview with Robbie
* status of interview contacts
* work plan with Mariia
* (from last week) plan presentation slots for TARG lab meetings

#### general updates

* JT: Things seem to be moving forward, good.
  * On Thursday, 2022-11-03 and 2022-11-10, there will be events with
    * JT's collaborator on responsible research project will be here with open workshop in the morning starting 11:00 UTC
    * Brian Nosek will be around 2022-11-10
* HPY: Saw Brian Nosek virtually at NASA open science panel this week
* Pen created a dedicated Zotero account for our Octopus shared library, but with Pen's email for now. The account is `octopus-bristol` and is now the owner of the group.

#### recap of practice interview with Robbie

Practice interview with Robbie Clark on 2022-10-06T14:00+01:00.

* (we did this yesterday right after the interview)
* Just remember to do this for real for Thea next Tuesday!

#### status of interview contacts

* HPY:
  * I started emailing people
  * **How much should we introduce Octopus when recruiting and during interviews?**
    * I will update participant info sheet accordingly and create the online consent form -> In the interest of time and since HPY is familiar with EUSurvey, let's use it for the interview consent forms.
    * Authorship order in info sheet? -> Let's go with HPY, Marcus, JT
  * The offer of GBP 20 is difficult to do for non-UK participants -> Suggestions?
  * UNESCO contacts harder than anticipated, because most of them don't do research projects per se, they are more like policy people
  * Can JT reach out to OSF for referrals? -> Let's go with finding people from different disciplines and geographic regions first
  * JT might indirectly have contacts in Brazil's reproducibility network -> added to spreadsheet
  * Marcus knows a few people in the pharma industry that might be good
* We briefly revisited whether and how much to introduce Octopus *before* an interview -> Should be fine for now.

*Example email* to potential interviewee: 

> Subject: Invitation to interview - Division of labour, credit, and publishing research
> 
> Dear Andreas, 
> 
> This is Dr Pen-Yuan Hsing ("Pen"), a researcher at the University of Bristol. You were suggested by Dr Alex Freeman as someone who would be invaluable for an series of interviews I'm conducting for the new Octopus publishing platform supported by Research England, JISC, and UKRN: 
> 
> https://www.octopus.ac/
> 
> We aim to establish a baseline understanding of the wider research environment including attitudes on division of labour, credit, and publishing practices. To that end, would you have time for an online interview - likely just over an hour - to give us your perspective? This will most likely be in November 2022, but there is flexibility and I'm happy to work with you to find the best time.
> 
> Anonymised and summarised learnings from the interviews will be published in a report due mid-February 2023, and will inform the future of Octopus to better serve the needs of researchers like you.
> 
> Please let me know if you are available or if you can suggest someone. Thank you so much for your time and hope to hear from you soon!
> 
> Pen
> School of Psychological Science
> University of Bristol

*Example forum post*: https://forum.openhardware.science/t/would-you-like-to-be-interviewed-division-of-labour-credit-and-publishing-research/4278?u=hpy

#### work plan with Mariia

* Funding is from IEU to work on research projects with established researchers i.e. Marcus, and co-supervised by JT and Neil who are the official line managers
* JT will ask her to do some work on other projects
* But main thing is for her to focus on literature review
* HPY can ask her for assistance with things while teaching her things
* Probably more to discuss with Mariia to check in with what we'd like her help with and what they are interested in

#### (from last week) plan presentation slots for TARG lab meetings

* HPY: 
  * As mentioned, if we get a slot for 2022-12-09, I will not be here but Mariia could present something -> Zoe has taken this slot so we can talk about later meetings
  * For future slots, I could present on
    * Status of Octopus evaluations
    * Open science topics of general interest
    * Demonstration of code reproducibility in Python or R
    * Practice talk for an invited lecture on open science
  * JT: Dates are currently
    * 2023-02-03
    * 2023-02-10
    * 2023-03-10
    * 2023-03-17
    * 2023-05-19
* HPY has requested access to the calendar with Peter R.
* JT: Let's try to set up a #meta-stream meeting now that we have more people, will initiate something
* Let's continue this in a later lab meeting

### ACTION ITEMS

* JT will send HPY Brian Nosek's itinerary for his visit 2022-11-10
* HPY will add to interview questions geography, career stage, and discipline/type of research, plus "what kinds of data do you work with?" "modalities of your work, lab based, field based, existing datasets, etc.?"
* JT will contact 
  * some pharma people, including ones Marcus knows
  * Someone at Oxford
* HPY
  * Will contact some engineers from Open!Next project
  * Ask about clinical/medical researchers (esp outside the UK) in the TARG Slack group
* HPY will get real consent from Thea for next Tuesday's interview.
* HPY will add to agenda for 2022-10-19 to check with John from Jisc about getting $$$ to people outside the UK (and is cash possible or voucher only? Or some other form?), alternatively find a non-profit in the UK for them to choose to donate to
  * Also ask on Slack how people do this
* HPY will create online consent form and send to Thea
* HPY will update author order in info sheet

### FOR FUTURE MEETING(S)

* continuing planning lab meeting presentation(s)
* regularly revisit contacts list and how many people agreed to interviews
* plan surveys

## Regular meeting 2022-10-14

Time: 2022-10-14T16:00+01:00

Present: 

* Jackie (JT)
* Pen (HPY)

### AGENDA

* recap practice interviews
* status of interview contacts

#### recap practice interviews

* We should be ready!

#### status of interview contacts

* We went over the list again, and checked it against what we're looking for in the protocol. Need someone from the physical sciences.
* HPY will email Alex to get her to look at contacts list *before* our next meeting 2022-10-29
* HPY will read up on Stan and Natasha's work to prioritise interviews.

### ACTION ITEMS

* HPY will email Alex to get her to look at contacts list *before* our next meeting 2022-10-29
* HPY will go through at least one full transcription first, then work with Mariia to see if she can help.
* "I am looking people in [insert field here], we'd love to interview you or someone you know who would be good for this."
* HPY will ask TARG for recommendation for someone who does medical clinical trials (after discussing with Alex)

### FOR FUTURE MEETING(S)

* Plan lab meetings.

## Octopus monthly meeting 2022-10-21

Time: 2022-10-21T15:30+01:00

Present: Jackie, Pen

### AGENDA

* Interview updates
* Survey design
* Report due 2023-02

#### Interview updates

First "real" interview yesterday with Jack.

HPY: With the 13 agreed interviewees plus Alex's math and medical contacts yesterday, we've already got LOTS to process.

#### Survey design

* Remember Jackie and others in TARG can advise on this!

#### Report due 2023-02

* Re-assess in a month from now and see who else we need to interview (or not) out of our list of contacts
* Don't interview too many people
* What's the format for our report? Is there a template?
* Though we can imagine that this would be for Alex, and those who want to understand what Octopus is doing.

### ACTION ITEMS

* HPY will email Alex and John about expectations and format/template for the report, who's the audience?
  * Include a draft of the first paragraph of the putative report, e.g. evidence revealing aspects of research culture as pertains to the aim of the Octopus platform
* HPY will try to get one quantitative physical sciences person but not add more than that for now

### FOR FUTURE MEETING(S)

## Survey planning 2022-10-18

Time: 2022-10-18T13:30+01:00

Present: Jackie (JT), Lilli (LW), Mariia (MT), Pen (HPY)

* JT: What we want from the interviews might not match up exactly with that for the survey
  * Some from interviews we might not necessarily need from survey data
  * So we should think more about *what* we want from the survey, not just coming up with survey-appropriate questions converted from interview guide
  * We could come up with something for Alex et al. to comment on
  * **What do we really want to know?** would be a better first step to come up with meta questions before diving into the weeds
* From design discussions with Alex et al., want to find out through surveys
  * how common or widespread are the experiences/practices described in the interviews
  * also to get more response to what we want to ask through the interviews
* Survey draft for next meeting with Alex
  * Hopefully with more from the literature review and interview results to discuss
  * Say something about what we already know lots about and not needed for the survey and vice versa
* Lilli will give a couple of example questions to each part of the interview guide on what 
* Might aim to have survey for beginning of 2023-01
  * Better than December
  * Have analyses ready for as soon as survey results come in to speed things up
* JT could go through the aims and clean it up a little bit