# Meetings 2022-11

## Regular meeting 2022-11-04

Time: 2022-11-04T15:30Z

Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (HPY)

### AGENDA

* General updates on Octopus interviews

#### General updates on Octopus interviews

* HPY followed up with
  * Alex on their mathematician and clinical practitioner contacts for interviews -> Mathematician found!
  * John about buying vouchers for interviewees
* Updated interview guide
* 7 real interviews by next Octopus meeting
* Awaiting one more physical scientist
* We prepared meeting agenda items for meeting with Alex/John 2022-11-16
* During interviews, don't just based analyses on transcripts, also remember to make observations and take notes
* Good practice to have multiple eyes
* Penciled in lab meeting slots: 
  * Pen 2023-02-10
  * Mariia 2023-03-17

### ACTION ITEMS

* HPY will summarise interview insights so far in preparation for meeting with Alex 2022-11-16 and for improving interview guide
  * Assess how well the questions are working
  * Which of the 7 parts are people saying lots or little useful info about?
  * What's surprising?
  * What does it say about what we could do in the survey?
* HPY will examine Lilli's suggested survey questions
  * And think about which main higher level questions to ask in the survey
  * Also, before doing all this, try to independently enumerate (along with the survey draft) the things we'd like to ask in the survey instead of just translating from interview questions
* HPY will let Merc know that JT will be tuning in for interview
* HPY will continue transcribing interviews

## Regular meeting 2022-11-18

Time: 2022-11-18T15:30Z

Present: Jackie (JT), Pen (PY)

### AGENDA

* General updates
* Follow up meeting w/ Alex
* Plan for rest of year

#### General updates

* PY met with Chris as scheduled.
* Longer term research ideas, could be discussed with Marcus 2022-12-07.

#### Follow up meeting w/ Alex

* We discussed what to bring to the meeting next month, including being ready to finish designing the survey during that meeting.

#### Plan for rest of year

* Survey
  * Design it
    * Let's aim to finish this by approximately 2022-12-20 during the meeting
    * Remember to discuss and think about analysis at this meeting!!!!
  * Implement it
    * Technical implementation
    * Disseminate survey
      * To whom?
      * UKRN can help
      * JISC mailing lists
      * Some ideas from previous meetings and current protocol
      * Spend a day-ish thinking through how we can reach outside the open research bubble
  * Plan analysis
* The audience of the report could be imagined as someone like Alex for now
* Align to success criteria and evaluation in the Octopus business case, including quantitative metrics which might get idea of what could be useful to investigate through the survey
* We agreed we want to have shorter quicker survey
* Look at MT's results so far as for the literature review, before our literature review sync meeting 2022-11-29T14:30Z

### ACTION ITEMS

* PY will meet with Mariia on 2022-11-29 to synchronise where we are on the literature review
* PY will combine our current state of understanding (i.e. literature review + surveys) and compare with draft survey to identify and prioritise 
* JT will meet with PY on 2022-12-06 to touch base
* PY will revisit Octopus business case especially success criteria
* PY will consider the listed communities the survey could be sent to