# Meeting notes

## 2022-09-21

Time: 2022-09-21T16:00+01:00

Present: Pen and Jackie

* Ethics approval
  * JISC is happy to proceed per email from Lola today.
  * We went over the [Research Ethics Applications website](https://orems.bristol.ac.uk/): 
    * For anticipated end date, let's go for three years.
    * We probably don't need to run the documents by the Research Data Service this time.
    * Need to email Liam McKervey to confirm the check box for financial inducement.
    * Jackie can be listed as a collaborator and advise while Pen is the primary submitter.
* Z drive and data storage
  * Marcus is keen to utilise existing University infrastructure instead of something like the OSF.
  * This should be doable even if the most sensitive data (e.g. raw interview data) is only accessible to us with University IT access.
* We should start reaching out to our contacts - at least informally - to be ready for exactly which communities we will be surveying/interviewing.
* We should figure out how we'd like to work with Lilli while she is available
  * This will be better informed once there's a more detailed timeline and tasks...
* Work timeline
  * Prioritise deliverables, their contents and dependencies, and a breakdown of tasks
  * Temporal resolution of between a day and a week, data analyses will probably take a while
  * Keep in mind what we need the most help with from Lilli and Maria
* Scoping literature review
  * To identify what we know and don't know to inform interview/survey design
* For interview/survey methodology
  * Pen has obtained and will obtain more methods/protocols from past colleagues plus Lilli
  * Some examples are in the Z drive
  * Could start some discussion with Robbie Clark in the #meta-stream channel or in real life
  * The qualitative work will likely focus on a thematic analyses
  * For at least the initial interviews/focus groups, there would be more than one of us present with one person conducting it
  * The second chunk of work in 2023 will focus on how Octopus specifically has and will affect a researcher's workflow, how might it relate to their views on and relationship with research/other researchers, with input from Alex and Lola

## 2022-09-23

Time: 2022-09-23T15:30+01:00

Present: Pen and Jackie

* Jackie lent Pen their qualitative research handbook from Oxford
* Today's meeting focused on Pen's [draft work timeline](./timeline.md) for Octopus baseline and project evaluations through October 2023
* For the **next couple weeks**, Pen's plan is to focus on
  * The Research Ethics Application
  * Time-limited literature review
  * Time-limited review of qualitative methods
  * ... after which will move on to fleshing out the interview and survey protocols
* Also during this time, we should each reach out to our contacts listed in the spreadsheet Jackie created and establish exactly which communities we can send the survey/interview to
* A key deadline is that the **interim report has to be submitted mid-February 2023**!
  * If the interview/survey processes like recruitment and scheduling could overlap more, this should be doable...
* Research Ethics Application
  * Jackie was able to see the test application Pen created
  * Liam McKervey responded about the financial inducement check box, basically we can make the call
  * Plan is to have a complete draft application ready by approximately 2022-09-26 with any questions/concerns to discuss with Jackie
  * Goal is to submit the application mid-next week
* Interview planning
  * How to be remotely make use of Lilli's services in October 2022
    * As interview/survey protocols develop, get Lilli's critique of them
    * Do a couple practice interviews in her presence for her feedback
  * The draft interview guide is currently a pretty good view of what Alex/Lola are looking for
    * It was created from Jackie's practice interviews
  * The processes of recruiting, scheduling, and conducting the interviews could be compressed by overlapping them more
  * **Aim to have the bulk of interviews done by mid-December 2022!**
* Survey
  * This is actually less clear in terms of what we really want to look for -> Could discuss with Alex
* For 2nd half for Octopus valuation in 2023: How well is Octopus is fit for purposes for achieving its aims?
  * Should talk to people who have started using Octopus and those who haven't and introduce it to them
  * Need some feedback from Alex et al. on what they really want for this part
* Maria will be available almost full time for the first couple weeks in October 2022, and could at least help with the literature review
* Pen will be mostly away 2022-10-24/31 at the conference for the [Gathering for Open Science Hardware](https://openhardware.science/), but can ask the highly multidisciplinary researchers there about interest in the Octopus interviews/survey.
* Jackie will be physically away
  * Late November 2022 for about a week
  * Mid-December 2022 to mid-January 2023
* There is a TARG away day 2022-12-12/14

**Action items:**

* DONE: Pen will share 2022-09-23 meeting notes
* DONE: Pen will ask everyone to reach out to their contacts
* DONE: Pen will complete the Research Ethics Application by 2022-09-26 and aim to submit mid-week
* DONE: Pen will find, add, and contact the person who conducted a very similar interview for OSF about 1.5 years ago to learn from them
* DONE: Pen will set up regular meetings with Jackie

## 2022-09-28

Present: Jackie, Lilli, Pen

* Let's work out a schedule for what Lilli could help with, how many hours, and when
* Interview guide revision
  * Lilli: though the current draft is not bad, but looks very long. What are the most important questions?
  * Some interview tips: 
    * Jackie: Take a few seconds think it through and ask the question in the most open way possible. E.g. "would you say your role in science is very constrained with division of labour" vs "tell me what it's like for division of labour in your team"? Or "did you take the bus" -> "how did you commute this morning"? So you don't bias people towards anything or any response.
    * Lilli: Recognise the flexibility in how it's done, and lots of it is down to establishing a rapport with the interviewee. Don't forget to actually listen after asking a question!

Jackie walked us through the current interview guide: 

* We want to elucidate research culture as it relates to publishing, focusing on the idea of roles/division of labour in academia which is one of the 5 main aims of Ocotpus to affect.
  * Though we could remain mindful of the other aims e.g. questionable research practices, if/when it comes up in an interview or maybe add to interview guide. But we think the most lacking is how they fit into the larger picture and how current system interacts.
* Start by giving people an idea of what we're asking them about. It's easy for people to go off in random/wrong directions. So should explain via the initial questions in the **"Introduce" section**, including how publication formats interact with aspects of the research process.
  * Need to keep this short e.g. a couple minutes because people easily go deep into what they do.
  * Some interviewees might focus on specific aspects like only data, so some prodding could be needed.
  * Note: We might not necessarily ask every question in the guide.
  * Jackie: Probably read through the guide, then practice several times, before being able to hold the interview structure in your mind! Expect people to bring up: this is how a project works in my field, but varying degrees of how much they have thought about how well does it work or just anything about that process. So might need to ask them to think about what works well and not. And even those who comes with a list of things, they might still consider things they haven't thought of.
* For section 2
  * Need to get at whether it'll be useful to change how things are structured and published
  * So need to ask about division of labour, what are valued, what are shared
  * For questions on what's valued and shared, the might affect the later section on research assessment
* Section 4 research assessment
  * Note: People will often stay focused on what just came before and answer based on that, so might need to more clearly delineate sections.
* Section 5
  * Motivated by informal conversations Alex had
  * Got impression that people have been saying they would like to be a specialist when they also feel they need to be a generalist to succeed in academia
  * Want to get at how specialise/generalised people they are, and elicite viewpoints around that they're being forced into a generalist role.
  * This feels like a challenging section where we do not want to bias people in their responses. Though it might come up in section 2 regarding roles/labour division, so the discussion could come from there.
  * That said, this section is a bit of a bonus, though potentially important.
  * The idea is that Octopus could possibly help specialists where their work could be recognised 
  * For 5.d. people tell Alex that they feel what they need to do for career progression (e.g. expected to write generalist papers e.g. a Nature paper with a convincing narrative and since they're so specialised they are always a middle author) do not match their strengths (e.g. maybe a specialism like numerical modelling)
    * Lilli: Sounds like it also has lots to do with what people perceive as success factors the system expects vs what they'd like for themselves

Additional discussion about the interview guide: 

* Lilli: Might it be helpful to explain a bit what the Octopus model is? Should we introduce a bit what it's about?
  * Jackie: Could be good question to discuss with Alex, i.e. whether we might jump the gun a bit since there's a second round of Octopus evaluations in 2023. -> This has been added as a comment "Lilli/Pen mentioned...".
    * Pen: Let's discuss this on 2022-10-19
* Also could discuss priorities of the interview questions with Alex
* Survey design by converting it from interview questions
  * Jackie: Broad steps can be use some of the data we get from interviews to inform survey design, so ideally let's get a handful of interviews in first. E.g. is everyone answering the same/different way, do people focus on certain things? Do people give wildly different answers because of their field on what is valued?
* The way we're identifying recruitment pool is ad-hoc, how do we report on this in the methodology? How is it usually done? Do you just state it or does it need to also follow a protocol?
  * Jackie: Yeah it's a convenience sample of who we have access to, and snowball sampling where we ask people to suggest others as long as we're clear about it.

We also quickly reviewed ethics application

* Change end date add another year to end of 2024
* For recruitment
  * Say something about snowball sampling or upon recommendation from participants or other contacts, we might reach out to more potential interviewees. We will organically grow our network of possible interviewees through discussions with participants.
* In advert, remove "arts/humanities"
* Remove bullet point on postgraduate research/degree in participant information sheet

Action items: 

* Lilli will carefully examine the interview guide this coming week
* Jackie will invite Pen to meetings with Mariia for work on the literature review
* Pen will make the minor tweaks to the Research Ethics Application and submit
* Pen will set up future regular meetings with Jackie
* Pen will organise and let Jackie/Lilli know time for practice interviews, could be fine to even start formal interviews asap as soon as ethics go through even before the meeting on 2022-10-19
* Pen will propose list of interviewees by Friday
* Pen will ask about if and how much we introduce the Ocotpus platform in the first round of interviews/surveys in the meeting on 2022-10-19
* Pen will add Annette Johansen (as recommended by Vibeke) to contact list
* Pen will contact Johanna Cohoon about qualitative interview by [OSF](https://osf.io/)

## regular meeting 2022-09-30

T13:00+01:00

Present: Jackie, Pen

* Ethics received "provisional favourable opinion" and "you can begin your data collection".
* Got three sets of qualitative methods
  * Sonika from Open!Next
  * Lilli's work
  * Johanna Cohoon from OSF
  * Possibly Elizabeth
* Meeting notes tracking
  * Pen will add link to HedgeDoc Markdown document to meetings
  * Before meetings, have an overview/agenda of the meeting
  * Structure meetings
* Want to poll Jackie/Lilli for their availability so I can bring this when scheduling practice interview
  * Can I use Jackie's viewable calendar for this?
  * Unclear if Lilli has this.
  * Practice interviews: 
    * Some people from TARG are willing
  * Want better representation from academia
    * Pen: AGU, ecology, citizen science people, computer science people
    * Jackie: Reaching out to individual people is a more controlled way to not over sample
    * Jackie: Suggest some people from medical sciences, social sciencess
    * Need to think better about the demographics we want to cover: geographical?
* Meeting with Mariia
  * Pen can try to hand over the Zotero library to Mariia
  * Aware of what we are doing, and Octopus overall, ask Mariia to listen in on some of our meetings, and maybe meetings w/ Alex and John
  * Could ask her to introduce herself a bit, we know she did a degree in social policy/sociology
* Might be able to talk to qualitative people on Slack
* Lab meetings, when and what? -> discuss later

ACTION ITEMS: 

* Jackie and Pen will both contact a couple people likely willing to do practice interviews.
* Pen will continue to reach out to individual people for the real interviews
* Pen will write a draft email with one paragraph as a template for us to contact people with. Explain what we are looking for, a little bit about us doing this on behalf of Octopus, understand experiences of researchers across variety of disciplines across various research cultures especially with respect to publishing. Want to get as wide a set of views as possible. Daily experiences. can you put us in touch with a couple people you know who might be willing to do this over Zoom? They don't need to be experts in anything other than their own in publishing research.
* Pen will complete setting up notes management
  * Realtime collaborative editing, plus
  * Archive of old notes
* Pen will ask at lab meeting today